[Music]
so Nina ellen:oh caught between these
two brothers very much because of the
rows between these two thorns just them
you know obviously it's kind of a
bizarre love triangle in a way but just
tell us kind of the emotions and the
feelings that she's kind of going
through was it as a character and a
predicament that she's in well Elena at
first meets Stefan and and she can't
explain what it is exactly that draws
her to him but there's something
mysterious and interesting in the
other's connection in this bond and
they're drawn to each other they just
can't help it she later finds out that
he's a vampire which complicates the
situation and that he is a brother who's
also a blood sucking killer and so her
life just keeps getting more and more
complicated
day by day everyone around her drop
starts dropping like flies but for some
reason she's still in love with him they
still don't know why what do you mean I
don't know why Elena may know why I am
trying to figure it out I would be
honest wouldn't put up maybe that's why
maybe she the love she's blinded by the
love there you go that's what it seems
to always be but but there are different
qualities in each of these two boys that
the tracks are I mean Stefan is
committed and loving and he will do
anything for her protect her and Damon
is kind of not so serious and try always
has fun and he's like the comic relief
in some ways so between the two of them
they basically make the perfect eye so
she's in the perfect situation she's
right in between the book what's the
guy's name if the guy the one that you
would choose if there's me deciding
between the two of them I would choose
the other brother defin who's basically
the combination of them both
amalgamation of that the best part
- hast Falana
dusty fun mentions too early on KY for
me better Nevada in terms of the actual
themes you've touched upon there you
know in terms of obviously romance
vampire escape does everything else what
do you think it is that you know this
particular kind of genre especially
birthing trauma box on TV and film is so
appealing or has been so paying in the
last four or five years because the kind
of vampire
esque genre has just exploded massively
both in prints on TV film great where do
you think that peeled on it's a great
platform for storytelling in an
interesting sort of setting and also you
know it's a great way to tell a story of
a young young adult story with such odd
extreme circumstances and the vampire is
symbolic of the rebel the outsider the
outcast the Rekluse yet the one that's
the rebel is still feeling the bad boy
that you sort of want to get close to
you but you kind of afraid of and
represents a lot of people can sort of
relate to that male and female alike and
so I think that's sort of do I mean you
know there there are there are many many
there are many avenues you know
essentially you have these characters
which we're all you know human beings
just in general or attracted to things
that are that are dangerous and scary
but yet sexy and mysterious at the same
time but just like Paul said it is such
a basis for a great storytelling I mean
they're there and and it's there's so
much symbolism in parallels to to human
life they're humans with heightened well
in abilities and feelings I mean
thing is between their sin although the
senses are heightened yeah maybe we
smelled again saw 100 times stronger and
and the touch and and you know it's like
the blood it's like that could represent
a million other things different
addictions and so people are watching
even subconsciously have from that
horrible you know interesting sort of
archetypal yeah you know rubella rebel
just booking the word from that from the
tackle their diaries did either of you
any of you keep Diaries when you were
younger and if so why and I'm just just
down you know just taking that out of
there just dude wait you more like a
journal when I was younger when I
started working isn't journal basically
live it is it is a diary it just I never
started with dear diary to yourself
but going back and looking at I mean I'm
the the entries that go back is too far
as like you know please don't happen oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah they're in a
safe-deposit box
going back into the is is early as 1996
when I started working as an adult
traveling around the world and you know
so many thoughts coming into your head
at such an expedient manner and trying
to process all of that it was really
cool to see how you took information and
experienced it and how it came back out
of you and the words that you use to
describe it and sort of the emotional
content that it has is really cool to be
able to go back and see that because
then you start to be able to piece
together how your like your
decision-making process who you are Nina
yeah I don't know I have journals I will
I actually started with dear diary
so I guess I kept Diaries for a while
and then I would go a start and then I'd
stop because things would get crazy I
wish I'd been more consistent though
because it'd be interesting to go back
and read it because when I have gone
back and read things things that were so
important at the time and so kind of the
I lost sleep over right now and I read
them back and like really you were that
hung up on that guy but he was such aa
like it's it's funny it's my I would
unfortunately write down thoughts as the
way therapy I think when I was younger
but then I'd be embarrassed about it so
I would then read it and be like Who am
I kidding and rip it up
really God that nobody would see it so
I'd have these pages that I would then
rip up because I was too embarrassed in
front of myself it's just it's worst at
the time an absurd thing and now as an
adult I write all the time just to sort
of get things out yeah that's what you
do but I don't have anything to go back
and look at which is a shame but you
know what made me who I am like photos